hey everybody Islam off a free pc gaming
I come today we're continuing our horror
fun we've record haha it's in Russian
which makes it even more scarier for me
let's start this thing I woke up in the
middle of the night for bardeen gets
Rita I feel nervous for no reason it's
nice to know what is this polygons
polygons all other place this can't be
good eff eff what the eff do don't know
why is some of its in English but some
of its not f ha that's a very long
corridor it's very strange they've a
stranger ever of scarred our stray dog I
don't like this corridor but I'm gonna
walk down it anyway hello code or as a
nice picture did it it had ended turn
scarred ours very scary have a scary
card are in fact hello scary corridor
although I'm coming to the end of this
corridor I don't like this don't like
this at all hey I'm okay I'm okay
opening the door walking down the
corridor corridors getting darker it's
never a good sign damn it kudos why do
you always get darker oh my god let's
kiss laughing what did I tell you kids
know he's very good when you're laughing
okay alcohol it looks like blood there's
people walking I know he's gone oh
that's not good sign what is this Jesus
Christ okay I Robert was that your Jesus
no wonder confuse I'm scared I'll better
dead person please about me I love you I
love you too please don't about me go
away scary noises your nose of it that's
a hair we're all good she's just scary
paper it's garrett eyes as wide I ever
gone for what well this is light in this
area I look at a dead person in this
room has very nice I don't want to look
behind me I'm not gonna look behind me
hello scary person hello bo bo bo bo bo
oh wow hey hey I'm stuck why am I stuck
I'm stuck oh hey hey hey hey something
breathing behind you keep walking
forward don't look behind me don't look
behind me therapy me don't let me don't
let me don't let be happy ah kids behind
me this kids behind me tell up behind me
there's kids behind me keep walking keep
walking I don't shut up shut up shop
there's a dead person behind me keep
walking oh my god what the hell are they
keep going keep guard last night
rendering curdles kind of turned back to
normal oh well that's never a good sign
another good sign at all not a good sign
at all how did I make it I think I made
it oh just a nightmare that's okay I
hope that's not a good sign I mean I
have to do this again
have you ever driven a little Jesus when
I talk about that anyway that was the
corridor I think I think I seized at the
end yes okay thank you for watching this
has been long before three pc gamer come
join me next time i'll be playing no
more horror game if you like this game
just follow the link in the description
if you like this video please rate
comment and subscribe goodbye